SlackV3: fix missing user messages (#25913)
demisto/content: Packs/Slack/ReleaseNotes/3_1_31.md

#### Integrations

##### Slack v3

> - Fixed an issue where the Slack listener missed user messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the Slack listener would miss some user messages when mirroring an incident.
```
